Mr. Luo, your respect is truly rare and overwhelming.
I heard that Mr. Wu’s crime will be a final show.
Miss Mengdi, the pre-diva, will be invited to be the guest.
Such a big project. Mr. Wu, can you take our beauty to fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly?
Fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly
It's so late
You want Mr. Chen to get out of this lesson
Mr. Chen is a special guest of our Qiwei business
They are also talents valued by upper-level leaders.
Who can't get along with him?
It’s because we have our business as an enemy
What do you think it's okay to do?
Let you do those little tricks
Destroy Mr. Chen's stolen planning ideas
Fight everywhere in the host competition
Even people like you are still a company
There is no need to be in a good camp
So starting from today
Forget about the past life and the future